README.md, before:

# :space_invader: React Native Clean Architect Template TypeScript

<p>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/travis/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript#readme">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript/graphs/commit-activity">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
</p>

> React Native clean architecture for quick start with React Native

## :star: Features

- Elegant usage directly within the [React Native CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli)
- Consistent with the default React Native typescript template
- Clean architect implementation
- Reactive implementation
- Redux + Redux-Observable by default
- React Navigation by default
- Type guide for React Native project
- React Native config
- Asset Icon Generator script
- Dependency injection with [tsyringe](https://github.com/microsoft/tsyringe)

## :star: ToDos
- Resource values - Such as: Component dimension, Text Theme ...
- Fastlane template
- Lean code ...

## :arrow_forward: Usage

```sh
npx react-native init MyApp --template rn-clean-architecture-template
```

### Usage with older versions of React Native

This project supports only version 0.62.3 currently.

### Note on the legacy CLI

There seems to be quite some confusion about the legacy CLI. This template only works with the new CLI. Make sure you have uninstalled the legacy `react-native-cli` first (`npm uninstall -g react-native-cli`), for the below command to work. If you wish to not use `npx`, you can also install the new CLI globally (`npm i -g @react-native-community/cli` or `yarn global add @react-native-community/cli`).

Further information can be found here: https://github.com/react-native-community/cli#about

## :computer: Contributing

Contributions are very welcome. Please check out the [contributing document](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## :bookmark: License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

README: Update example, feature section

README.md, after:

# :space_invader: React Native Clean Architect Template TypeScript

<p>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/travis/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript#readme">
    <img alt="Documentation" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-yes-brightgreen.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript/graphs/commit-activity">
    <img alt="Maintenance" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-template-typescript/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" target="_blank" />
  </a>
</p>

> React Native clean architecture for quick start with React Native

## :star: Features

- Elegant usage directly within the [React Native CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli)
- Consistent with the default React Native typescript template
- Clean architecture implementation
- Reactive implementation
- Redux + [Redux-Observable](https://redux-observable.js.org/) by default
- Blueprint template for module uses redux observable or [React-sweet-state](https://github.com/atlassian/react-sweet-state) 
- React Navigation by default
- Type guide for React Native project
- React Native config
- Asset Icon Generator script
- Dependency injection with [tsyringe](https://github.com/microsoft/tsyringe)

## :star: ToDos
- Resource values - Such as: Component dimension, Text Theme ...
- Fastlane template
- Lean code ...

## :star: Example
- Demo implementation for this template [Example](https://github.com/tiennm16/Example)

## :arrow_forward: Usage

```sh
npx react-native init MyApp --template rn-clean-architecture-template
```

### Usage with older versions of React Native

This project supports only version 0.62.3 currently.

### Note on the legacy CLI

There seems to be quite some confusion about the legacy CLI. This template only works with the new CLI. Make sure you have uninstalled the legacy `react-native-cli` first (`npm uninstall -g react-native-cli`), for the below command to work. If you wish to not use `npx`, you can also install the new CLI globally (`npm i -g @react-native-community/cli` or `yarn global add @react-native-community/cli`).

Further information can be found here: https://github.com/react-native-community/cli#about

## :computer: Contributing

Contributions are very welcome. Please check out the [contributing document](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## :bookmark: License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.
